[DOC] Update related to Windows Advanced Installation Documentation (#14910)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/developers/advanced_installation.rst

The above commands assume that you have the Python installation folder in your
PATH environment variable.

You need to download the "Build Tools for Visual Studio 2019" using this `link.
<https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/?rr=https%3A%2F%2Fscikit-learn.org%2Fstable%2Fdevelopers%2Fadvanced_installation.htmls/>`_.

> The required product to download exists under the "Tools for Visual Studio 2019". Please DO NOT install Visual Studio 2019. 

Reviewer: I would even include that in a warning. You can do that in 'rst' with
```
.. warning::
    your warning message
```

> The required product to download exists under the "Tools for Visual Studio 2019". Please DO NOT install Visual Studio 2019. 

Reviewer: I'd rephrase it a bit
```suggestion
You DO NOT need to install Visual Studio 2019. You only need the "Build Tools for Visual Studio 2019", under "All downloads" -> "Tools for Visual Studio 2019".
```

> If you have already downloaded Visual Studio 2019 mistakenly, then it should be uninstalled and "Build Tools for Visual Studio 2019" should be reinstalled separately

Reviewer: I would removed this line. We are not sure it's the reason why it didn't work the first time.

> If you have already downloaded Visual Studio 2019 mistakenly, then it should be uninstalled and "Build Tools for Visual Studio 2019" should be reinstalled separately

Reviewer 2: Is it really necessary to uninstall `Visual Studio`? There could be some users who have it for other reasons (work etc.).

For 64-bit Python, configure the build environment with::

    SET DISTUTILS_USE_SDK=1
    "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2019\BuildTools\VC\Auxiliary\Build\vcvarsall.bat" x64

Please be aware that the path above might be different from user to user. The aim is to point to the "vcvarsall.bat" file,

> whcih should be in your PC after downloading "Build Tools for Visual Studio 2019" succesfully. 

Reviewer 2: `which`

`downloading` -> 'installing'

PATH environment variable.

You will need `Build Tools for Visual Studio 2017
<https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/>`_.

.. warning::

> 	You DO NOT need to install Visual Studio 2019. You only need the "Build Tools for Visual Studio 2019", under "All downloads" -> "Tools for Visual Studio 2019". 

Reviewer 2: Last comment: please keep added lines under 80 character long.

For 64-bit Python, configure the build environment with::

    SET DISTUTILS_USE_SDK=1

>     "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2019\BuildTools\VC\Auxiliary\Build\vcvarsall.bat" x64

Reviewer 3: Note: this is fine for this line to be longer than 80 characters, but for text paragraphs it's better to respect the 80 chars limit.
